**Privacy Policy**

Nepanikar z.s. built the Don't panic app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Nepanikar z.s. at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

We use Firebase Crashlytics and Google Analytics for Firebase in order to improve the service we provide to our users. This information helps us identify any issues or bugs with the service, so that we can fix them as quickly as possible. Additionally, by collecting usage data, we can better understand how our service is being used and identify usage trends. This information can help us make informed decisions about future updates and improvements to our service. It is important to note that all data collected is anonymous and is used solely for the purpose of improving our service. We do not collect any personal information that can be used to identify individual users as **we do not have a login system or a server**.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

**Log Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-01-13

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at nepanikar.info@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)